you're going to need a blow-dryer big
round bristle brush and styling products
to polish your look begin by brushing
through your damp hair just using your
fingers to comb through dry your hair
until it's about 80% dry clip two-thirds
of your hair out of the way the bigger
your round brush is the more body you'll
achieve
the smaller the brush the more curl
you'll get in your style brush out a
section of your hair now facing the
nozzle of your blow dryer down drag the
section around the brush when the
section is dry remove the heat but keep
the hair wrapped around the brush for a
few extra seconds to lock in the style
repeat through the rest of your hair
first comb the section then dry it then
let it set in place
the back of your hair can be tricky just
wrap all the hair around the brush and
blow-dry hold in place then release
to drive the top layer of your hair
start up the crown of your head working
your way forward to your bangs give each
section a quick jolt of hairspray before
drag to add extra body and volume wrap
all the hair around your brush like you
did the back side of your head dry then
let the section cool to lock in the
volume then roll your brush out
run your fingers through your hair to
find your part
adding a glossing serum to the ends of
your locks will add a boost of shine